Can only a few of you save Duan Lao?
So loud
I ask you what method do you want to use to treat Duan Lao?
Of course it's traditional Chinese medicine.
I can't be cured by Western medicine
If you break your Chinese medicine, you want to cure Western medicine.
Is there any Chinese medicine?
Then I ask you
Which medical school did you graduate from?
What is medical school?
Brat doesn't know anything
I don't know which wolf
Learn the art of broken medicine
Just come here to show off
I ask you how do you plan to treat it?
Does Miss Duan have silver needles at home?
Yes, I'll get it.
Silver Needle, do you want to use Silver Needle to treat Elder Duan?
Duan Lao has brain cancer
Is it a terminal illness? Do you want to hurt him or save him?
Can you shut up?
It's noisy me.
Ye Wushuang, if my father has three long and two short
I can't let you out of this door
You are a bunch of idiots
What do you say you are not convinced?
The old man is already sick like this
If you don't have the ability to save people, don't talk so much nonsense
I'll tell you what.
I only need three stitches.
I can pull the old man back from the gate of hell